9:04am 3rd jun 2026 

let's do Time Management.

So, days are actually a name for an entry range search,
So for days, we have a form input - start day, end day.

Then we had a sub that recieves the valid input, and we're supposed to do something with that input.

What we have to do, is turn it into a data retrieve query.
So, do we already have data retrieve? Is it possible to obtain entries in a dual conditional range?

Yeah, you can simply do:
where end time is more or equals to start range, or where start time is less or equal to end range.

That should do it.

So go look at your code. What does Data.pm already have on the retrieve side?
Entry could have a useful retrieve too, however, we actually want to retrieve multiple entries.
So we're after a list of ids to look up.

Okay, that at least makes sense.

Okay, there is data.pm and it accepts a table name and a query.
My problem is I have forgotten what a query looks like.
Do we have any examples?

9:19 - Read some of https://metacpan.org/pod/JSON::LINQ

9:50 - Gmail and Whatsapp and closed browser windows.

Right - what am I supposed to be doing?

Looking for examples of queries I guess.
Are they in the test files?

Probably.

9:51

Okay, the test just retrieves by id. It delegates to the Data::Entry to construct a query.
The query is basically,
a hashref, where values are array refs,
containing fields and where clauses.

So we could do this in different ways.
We can have the Input class, construct the query and send it to the Data model.
Or we could have the input class, construct the where clause, and send it to a retrieve_multiple_ids method,
and have the query constructed there.

Obviously, I know, none of this is input. So it shouldn't really be in the input class.

=======

Okay, so ...

We'll be populating the show_days subroutine/method in Input.pm.
Obviously, it shouldn't be in Input.pm because it's not handling input.

We'll refactor where things are later,
and for now, just get it working.

Erm...

Right.

So the first thing we need to do, is process the validated input.

We require utc epochs, and we have a start day and month.
So here, we'd likely use the string to epoch util, if we still have it!?

What do we have?

10:33 - I don't know what we have.
You wanted to look somewhere?
Yeah.
Open Input.pm - see if we have any epoch subs/functions.

Okay, Input.pm has nothing of the sort. Entry.pm has utc to string util.
These really need to be taken out of the class, and into a Util or Functions module.

10:37 - So now I am not sure where, if anywhere, we convert utc to a time string.
Let's run the entry.t test, and read its verbose output.

10:41 - Right. We may wish to switch to a date input, rather than day and month drop downs, to avoid 31st of Feb errors, etc.

Hm. An old PerlMonks thread implies people use timelocal or timegm to validate

10:52 - Turning to Perldocs, we see there's https://metacpan.org/pod/Date::Calc or TimeLocal.
https://metacpan.org/pod/Time::Local - this implies one should use timelocal_modern for Y2K compliance

I think Date::Calc will be simpler.

10:57

10:58 - Okay, for now, let's just assume, we're happy with the input

10:59 - Oh, wait, XD. It's simply years and months. They always stay the same, ^_^. No complicated days.
You still need to convert to epoch, which means fetching the last day of the month.
Be sure to check if any cpan modules you use, count months 1 to 12 or 0 to 11.

I woould like to grab some food from asda.

Yeah, I know.

This could be wrong.

We may end up missing our flatmate's delivery, and you do have cheese downstairs - you could simply eat some of that.

Okay. Let's go eat some cheese.

Get changed too.

11:37 - what's going on?
You've not coded a damn thing.

What am I supposed to be coding?

No idea.

We're trying to turn a date into an epoch, with input only a year and a month.

Well, that sounds fine. Let's try and do that.

That would be easier to do in isolation, would it not?
Shutup.
It is in isolation already.

Okay, then.
Let's iterate on the url "/days" until we have our epochs.

11:44 - did some iteration. Begun with logging.

11:57 - So it turns out, we simply use a matches_and_captures regex in Entry.pm (BusinessLogic) to grab values from a string.

That's just for setting the values however, i.e. start_day, etc, for Entry attributes.
once those attributes are populated,
it actually defers to set_utc_epochs to generate an epoch from them.

This begins by creating a datetime from the string.

So, in our show_days - we can use our input to create a datetime.

We use the webapp's time_zone_string to set timezone.

Then we have our GMT, DST datetime,
and can simply convert to UTC, and then to epoch.

Okay, this now appears simpler than expected, and thus doable.

So let's do it.

12:07

12:45 - Didn't work at first as needed to install Date::Calc, then kill morbo, and then restart.

Okay - now it works, and we have our epochs.

We then wish to create a query from the epochs, yes?
