So what's essentially happening is we have a url scheme by design, for SEO purposes.

But of course, there are no SEO purposes.

So - the idea would be a single endpoint.

Yes.

A form value delivered via post method.
This is why we've historically had our stash values controller - to grab the values from the form and enter them into the stash.
The stashed form values will inform which subset of data to load.

So when we think of time logging,
we think of a timeline,
and each subset is ..

...no.
Each subset is a category.

Really?

Surely it depends.

If we sort by quantity - then the subset all entries in that category.

If we sort chronologically - then we surely go straight to detail.
Perhaps not.
Perhaps there is a block.

Right.

So, if you wish to save in a database, how would you do that?

I'm not experienced with that.

So what I'm likely to do, is come up with the values, that exist, and then see what we've got to store, and decide how best to store it.

Cool.

There may also be object relational mapping to consider, and that will be yet another complexity layer to apprehend.

For now, we can get things working at a simpler level.

So - in this case, we've got what I'd call a block.

So:

For quantity order:
	Block = all entries that match category
For chronological order:
	Block = all consecutive category matching entries, from the first entry's start time.


So what we're doing here, 
....the first page will generate input - the values that trigger the generation of the pages linked to. Well - that's essentially saying a page full of links has links.
But yes, you're right. The required links will need to be generated from the data.

Since we drill down from a top level however,
all links will be child data of the parent.
Not that we need to think in those terms, if we're just processing text.

21:18 - Okay. So essentially a whole system design needs to be done. You may be better placed to do that at home.

What we can do in the meantime, is the simple approach of re-creating our static template.
